Look guys...
unless you're keen for drama to unfold, most of us wouldn't invite our corporate
friends and our greenie friends to the same dinner party.
Without a doubt, your best mate's banging on about how well his mining bonds are doing on the stock market
which, of course ruffles the feathers of your buddy whose life work is saving the
wilderness from those earth plunderers.
But, Barry and Gretchen do share some common
ground. Each of them will see value
in our eco driving techniques that not
only save cash but also help save the environment
We conducted research over twelve
months recruiting more than thirteen
hundred Queensland drivers, who adopted the practices into their day to day
driving
the results showed the committed
individuals and even the skeptics could benefit
Look I was pretty skeptical, my old man was
always going on about driving
economically but I always thought it was
a bit of hoopla and for me the biggest thing that stood out was actually seeing the numbers
on the page of
what you can potentially save
Now its to the point where its just
second nature - its only a few small changes
that don't actually affect you in any real manner
then you can save
a lot of fuel
I was open and I was definitely keen to learn how I could save
uh... on the fuel costs. I was a bit horrified how expensive petrol was
and how much fuel I seemed to be using
I'm more economical with the fuel and I just feel that I'm doing more for
the environment by being more conscious about how I drive
So if you want to keep the peace between your
friends tell them about eco driving
you can save money
and help the environment.What have you got to lose?